# HDL-RSCPT-MCU


## Introduction

Demo/experimental MPLABX project for microcontroller (MCU) code for the PIC16F18875 IC on the
HDL-0108-RSCPT (OshaBlue) 8-Channel Ultrasound hardware.

Currently built/managed in MPLAB X IDE from Microchip on Mac OS X.

As with all related projects (this one, the fpga code, and the
  demo Electron App), feel free to be in touch regarding bugs,
  requests, or whatever comes up.

### Revisions and Status

2020-01-Jan-22

- pre pre alpha code release - for basic demonstrations of concepts, rapidly developed

- Built with:
  - MPLAB X IDE v5.30
  - XC8 (8-bit compiler, free version) v2.10



## General Code Features

### Overview

The purpose is mainly to receive control commands via UART from a PC (etc) and
then trigger some variety of channel setup and capture control cycle on the associated
capture control chip (FPGA, source and details elsewhere).


There is a lot of flexibility to change, improve, modify how things are done.


All the mcc_generated_files code is untouched (by developer), just whatever is generated by the MCC tool in MPLABX.



### Code Blocks

Timer interrupt for pulse (transmit) and acquire (receive) cycle control.

UART receive queue implemented as a state machine.

UART transmit replies back to controlling system/PC.

Manage transmit and receive channel selection.

Command structure organization and definitions.

Other housekeeping.

Lots of comments, please see them.




## License and Copyright

Most of the code comes from drivers and templates from Microchip, and their
copyright and license is retained.

Other items may come from other developers, and is credited and noted as such
in the code.

Any other code originally developed here by OshaBlue / nisch s. etc is
copyrighted and licensed as noted by an MIT License.  
Though it may not be much - there's not too much to this project.  Please see license file.
